# CS-305-Software-Security #
**Artemis Financial**
+ The client in which Global Rain was contracted to to develop secure application for was Artemis Financial. Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that spcializes in developing individualized financial plans for clients. They specialize in a variety of products including savings, retirment, investments and insurance. Artemis Financial had tasked Global Rain with developing applications that utilized industry standard secure communications to ensure their client data is protected in transit and at rest.
+ When analyzing the existing application code and architecture for Artemis Financial, we at Global Rain were able to identify many areas of vulnerability and provide remediation in identified areas of vulnerability. A particular area of excellence we at Global Rain have identified was the ability to identify areas of vulnerability involving input validation when utilizing the Spring Framework and the Spring Expression Language plugins. This was achieved using static testing techniques that included manual code review as well as utilizing dependency checks at package installation. The identification of possible vulnerabilities surrounding a lack of input validation is of particular importance, as the lack of input validation violated secure coding practices for the project. Secure coding is a particularly important aspect of application development. Lack of secure coding practice can lead to vulnerability escapments that can cause financial injury to Artemis Financial's clients as well as erode client confidence toward Artemis Financial as an industry leader in financial services.
+ One particular part of the vulnerability assesment that presented a challange was analyzing the results of the OWASP vulnerability reports for Artemis Financial. As there were requirments for particular Java packages for the application, of which many were identified in several CVEs, we had to analyze each individual vulnerability CVE and decide if the specific vulnerability was applicable to the Artemis Financial application and whether or not it could be used to exploit the application. For future projects, the continued use of OWASP vulnerability reports generated via dependency checking plugins will continue to be deployed. In addition, dynamic unit tests may be designed and implemented to affirm functionality and proper coverage of unit testing. This can be achieved via many unit testing platforms, such as JUnit.
+ To make certain that the application was functional and secure, both static and dynamic testing techniques were employed before and after application refectoring. Once we acheived a baseline OWASP vulnerability report for the project, additional OWASP vulnerability reports were generated with each iteration of project refactorization to ensure that no additional vulnerabilities were introduced in the project scope. Additionally, after refactorization was performed, the application was executed and output was tested against expected values to determine the application functioned as it should after refactoring.
+ For future tasks pertaining to Artemis Financial and other clients of Global Rain, various tools and resources will be employed to further cement secure coding practices. OWASP vulnerability reports will continue to be a vital resource to ensure known vulnerabilities aren't introduced on future product sprints. Utilization of JUnit to implement unit test cases will be implemented to facilitate software and component functionality going forward. Additionally, the use of industry standard encryption algorithms to protect data in transit and at rest will be utilized for all clients, regardless of industry. Input validation and sanitation will be important to prevent unexpected input from producing unexpected or malicious results within the application.
+ From the Artemis Financial Project, I would highlight the implementation of data encryption using public key cryptography to secure communication between clients and Artemis Financial's application. One other point to highlight would be the use of cryptographic hashes to verify data integrity after download.
